Article: Running Condor with NCTL (#5)
casper-network/condor-info: articles/004-local-setup.md

   cd casper-nctl-docker
   ```

2. **Switch to the Condor Branch:**
   ```bash
   git checkout feat-2.0
   ```

3. **Clone the `casper-node` Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/casper-network/casper-node.git
   cd casper-node
   git checkout feat-2.0
   ```
   Ensure you're in the `casper-nctl-docker` directory when running this command

4. **Build the Docker Image:**
   ```bash
   docker build -f casper-nctl-condor.Dockerfile -t casper-nctl:feat-2.0 .
   ```
   This may take a while

5. **Verify the Image:**
   ```bash
   docker image ls
   ```
   Look for the `casper-nctl:feat-2.0` image in the output
   ```
   REPOSITORY                 TAG        IMAGE ID       CREATED        SIZE
   casper-nctl                feat-2.0   9fd1e7b25d42   40 hours ago   433MB
   ```

6. **Start the NCTL Docker Container:**
   * **Docker Compose (Recommended):** If you're using the `docker-compose.yml` file, update the `image` line under the `mynctl` service to `casper-nctl:feat-2.0`. Then run `docker-compose up`.
   * **Manual Docker Command:** 
      ```bash
      docker run -d --name mynctl -p 11101:11101 casper-nctl:feat-2.0
      ```

## Part 2: Casper Client (Rust)

> To interact with your local Condor network, we'll use the Casper Client written in Rust. This is just one option. There are versions of the JS and .NET SDKs that are also becoming compatible with Condor.

Author: ```suggestion
To interact with your local Condor network, we'll use the Casper Client written in Rust. This is just one option. There are other supported SDKs that are also becoming compatible with Condor.
```

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/casper-client-rs.git
   cd casper-client-rs
   ```

2. **Switch to the Condor-Compatible Branch:**
   ```bash
   git checkout feat-track-node-2.0
   ```

3. **Test Your Setup:**
   ```bash

>    cargo run --release get-state-root-hash --node-address http://127.0.0.1:11101

Author: ```suggestion
   cargo run --release get-node-status --node-address http://127.0.0.1:11101
```

   ```

>    This command should return the current state root hash of your local network, indicating a successful connection.

Author: ```suggestion
   This command should return the node status your local network, indicating a successful connection. The output should look similar to this:
   ```
{
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "id": -1220974167166441457,
  "result": {
    "api_version": "2.0.0",
.
.
.
```
```

   casper-nctl                feat-2.0   9fd1e7b25d42   40 hours ago   433MB
   ```

6. **Start the NCTL Docker Container:**
   * **Docker Compose (Recommended):** If you're using the `docker-compose.yml` file, update the `image` line under the `mynctl` service to `casper-nctl:feat-2.0`. Then run `docker-compose up`.
   * **Manual Docker Command:** 
      ```bash
      docker run -d --name mynctl -p 11101:11101 casper-nctl:feat-2.0
      ```

## Part 2: Casper Client (Rust)

To interact with your local Condor network, we'll use the Casper Client written in Rust. This is just one option. There are other supported SDKs that are also becoming compatible with Condor.

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/casper-client-rs.git
   cd casper-client-rs
   ```

2. **Switch to the Condor-Compatible Branch:**
   ```bash
   git checkout feat-track-node-2.0
   ```

3. **Test Your Setup:**
   ```bash
   cargo run --release get-node-status --node-address http://127.0.0.1:11101
   ```
   This command should return the node status of your local network, indicating a successful setup. The output should look similar to this:

> ```json
> {
>   "jsonrpc": "2.0",
>   "id": -1220974167166441457,
>   "result": {
>     "api_version": "2.0.0",
>   ...
> }
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```json
{
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "id": -1220974167166441457,
  "result": {
    "api_version": "2.0.0",
  ...
}
```
```

> }
> 
> ## Using the Casper Client

Author: ```suggestion
}
```

## Using the Casper Client
```
